# restaurantWebsite
1. “In the Press” Mentions
If your restaurant was featured in a local or national newspaper or magazine for its menu, location, ambiance, staff, etc., then you’ll want to have links to these articles, or a high-quality photocopied version of these articles, on your website.  This is one of the best ways to showcase your restaurant’s story and unique characteristics without having to write or create any content yourself. The story and information showcased about your restaurant will also be more believable and authentic if it comes from a trusted outside source.
2. Customer Reviews
Including authentic customer reviews on your restaurant’s website is one of the most important things you can do. Approximately 60 percent of all restaurant-goers have consulted online customer reviews about a restaurant before visiting it or considering it. And that percentage only increases with Millennials (individuals aged 18-34) who rely heavily on online customer reviews when deciding where to eat or order food. And, consumers are much more likely to consult customer reviews online for restaurants than for any other type of business such as retail, travel, etc. In fact, a restaurant with a rating improved by just half a star (out of five stars) is much more likely to be full at peak dining times, and to have increased sales
3. Your Story
To stand out from the crowd online, include the story behind why you decided to open your restaurant on your website. Did you become obsessed with French cuisine after an exciting rendezvous in Paris? Did your grandparents, who were first-generation immigrants, open their first sub shop near your new establishment? Mention anything unique about your story with, or passion for food or owning a restaurant on your website. You can also include unique stories of your chefs, bartenders, and other staff. You want your patrons to feel connected to your story and the people before they even step foot into your establishment, as this is the best way to market what you and your food are all about.
